{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11320\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Enter Box Dimensions Macro:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 The Enter Box Dimensions Macros was designed to make setting rectangular selections in ImageJ easier and more precise.  It is particularly useful for creating rectangular selections of the same size between different images taken at the same magnification.  
\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Installation:
\b0\fs24 \
First, put the Enter Box Dimensions Macro.txt file into the ImageJ macros file (for Mac: Applications/ImageJ/macros) To run the macro, have an image open in ImageJ or FIJI, then select Plugins>Macros>Run, then select Enter Box Dimensions Macro.txt.  You may also install it temporarily in the Macro list with Plugins>Macros>InstalI.  For frequent use you could input a keyboard shortcut in Plugins>Macro>Startup Macros\'85 such as:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\fs28 \cf0 macro "Macro box [g]" \{ \
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 runMacro("/Applications/ImageJ/macros/Enter Box Dimensions Macro.txt");\
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0\} \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\b\fs28 \cf0 Using the Macro:\

\b0\fs24 With an image open, run the macro.  In the Log screen the width, height, x location, and y location in pixels will be displayed of a rectangular selection or if no rectangular selection exists, the entire image.  A dialog box will appear to allow specific dimensions and x, y locations to be input.  Then, the macro will create a rectangular selection of those dimensions and location.  Note that using other selection tools will work, but information will be as if a rectangular selection was made, and the result will still be a rectangular selection.\

\b\fs28 \

\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
}